# Shamil

## The new My Store is a one-stop destination for all your entertainment needs. Browse and shop millions of songs, books, movies, TV shows, and games to buy or rent. Get the latest apps and games from top developers. Or, use My Store to easily transfer content from your Android phone or tablet to your TV. Enjoy the movies and TV shows you love with My Store Movies & TV. Rent or buy from a wide selection of recently released films and classics and watch them instantly on your Android phone, tablet, TV, or computer. New releases are available for purchase on My Store the same day they are available on DVD. My Store Games is your one-stop shop for all your gaming needs. Find great deals on new releases, discover and download new games, or challenge friends and family with multiplayer games all from one place. With My Store Books, you can find a huge selection of eBooks and audiobooks, including bestsellers, new releases, and more. Explore fiction, nonfiction, comics, kids’ books, and more. All of your purchases are stored in the cloud so you can access them anytime, anywhere. My Store Music offers a library of over 35 million songs. Listen to your favorite artists, albums, and playlists for free. Or upload up to 50,000 of your own songs to My Store Music for access across Android devices and on the web. My Store Newsstand is your one-stop-shop for all your news needs. With subscriptions to over a thousand magazines and newspapers, it’s easy to find the topics that interest you most. With the new “My News” feature, you can customize your feed to see only what you want to read.
